1. Jennifer Adam, jenniferadam@att.net
    I like the overall idea and the search option was quick and efficient. When I click on a product the description is hard to read because it overlaps the picture. I like the way the picture pops out when you put the mouse over it.

    I did not see how to add an item to the cart until I made a log in, it would be nice to have a note on the home page to log in and explain you need to register before making a cart for check out. The home page is disjointed at the bottom when reading that paragraph it breaks up in odd places.
    Mainly, I say add a register/log in option on the home page!
    Looks good though, great pictures!

    The cart was easy to understand, would be awesome to have a confirmation of some sort when you add something to the cart. Do you have to make the  page go all the way to payment? Mine only went as far as to show items and prices in the cart.
    Hope that helps!


2. Christina Monge, jcmonge12@gmail.com
    I thought it looked good! One button I was missing was just simply "Products". I like the search feature, but I wasn't sure how to get to the list of all products sold.


3. Dave Adam, xactdave@hotmail.com
    Where is the fine print??  Any links to it and then some placeholder stuff maybe?
    arrow key for prev/next didn't work for me when I initially opened the site.  I continued by using the search.
    Went back to first page and the buttons worked.

    Kinda fun but prices are unbelievable!!!  :-)

    Like the image blowup when you mouse over it!

    Might consider anchoring the home - - - login bar at the top so it doesn't disappear when scrolling (hence the defn of anchor)


4. Linda Adam, ladam3@gmail.com
    Home Page:
    The scrolling featured items go... remote, remote, model car, remote -- is it OCD to feel the order isn't quite right?
    The font at the bottom is just big enough that only a couple words form extra lines...it would still be legible a little smaller to make it a little neater-looking.

    Search Products:
    Is there a way to group similar products or name them so that the differences in price are easily understood...? I opened each of the frizz ease stuff to find that each was a different quantity.


5. Elizabeth Adam, teadam2010@gmail.com
    Item Description overlaps pictures, not sure if items were added to my cart


6. Justin Monge, jcmonge12@gmail.com
    Looks good. I tried several different searches, all returned the results I expected. I also created a profile without complication or confusion. I like the attention-grabbing featured items cycling on the home page. It was easy to navigate to any part of the app I wanted.

    Good work!